NATIONAL ELECTRIC POWER REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
(PROSUMER) REGULATIONS, 2026 
NOTIFICATION 
Islarnabad, 9th  day of February, 2026 
S.R,O S1 In exercise of the powers confçrred by section 47 read with section 7(1) of the 
Regulation of Generation, Transmission and I)istribution of Electric Power Act, 1997 (XL of 1997), 
the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority, is pleased to make the following regulations, 
namely:- 
I. Short title, cornrnecement. — (1) These Regulations may be called the National Electric Power 
Regulatory Authority (Prositmer) Regulations, 2026. 
(2) They shall come into force at once. 
2. Definitions.— (1) In these regulations unless there is anything repugnant in the subject or context,— 
(i) "Act" means the Regulation of Generation, Transmission and Distribution of Electric Power Act, 
1997 (XL of 1997); 
(ii) 'agreeiñent" means the agreement between the licensee and the prosumer on the Authority's 
approved format as per Schedule-I; 
(iii) "applicable documents" means the rules and regulation, terms and conditions of any licence, 
registration, concurrence, authorization, determination, any code, manuals, directions, guidelines, 
orders, notifications, agreements or documents issued or approved under the Act; 
(iv) "applicable tariff' means the, tariff determined by the Authority and duly notified in the official 
Gazette; 
(v) "applicant" means a 3 phase 400V or 1 1kV domestic, commercial, industrial, agricultural, general 
services consumer or a single point bulk supply consumer o'f a licensee, which submits an 
application to interconnect its proposed distributed generation facility to the distribution system of 
the licensee and who 'applies for the accord of concurrence to operate a distributed generation 
facility as a prosumei;' 
(vi) "application" means the application submitted by an applicant to licensee, for interconhection of a 
distributed generation' facility to th 'distribution system of a licensee and includes application for 
the accord of concurreflcd to the Authority; 
(vii) "Authority" means the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority established under the Act; 
(viii) "billing cycle" means energy recorded by the meters in a period of thirty days; 
(ix) "distributed generation facility" or "DG facility" means a flicility set, up by a prosumer using solar, 
wind or biogas energy resource for generation of electricity up to 1 MW; 
(x) "distributed generation" means electrical power generation by solar, wind or biogas that is 
intercOnnected to the distribution system of the licensee at interconnection point; 
(xi) "distribution ystem" means the distribution facilities situated within the service territory owned or 
operated by the licensee'Tor distribution of electric power including, without limitation, electric 
lines or circuits, eletiic plant, meteis, mteiconnection facilities oi othet facilities operating at thc 
distribution voltage, and shall also include any other electric lines, circuits, transformers, sub-
stations, electric plant, interconnection facilities or other facilities determined by the Authority as 
forming part of the distribution, system, whether or not Operating at the distribution voltage; 
(xii) "fault" means an equipment failure, conductor failure, short circuit, or other condition resulting 
from abnormally high or low amounts of current from the power system; 
(xiii) "interconnection facilities" means the equipment, including, without limitation, electrical lines or 
circuits, transformers, switch gear, safety and protective devices, meters or electrical plant, used 
for interconnection services; 
(xiv) "interconnection point" means the point where the metering, installation and protection apparatus 
of the distributed generator is connected to the distribution system of the licensee; 
(xv) "kWh" means kilowatt hour; 
(xvi) "licensee" shall mean an entity holding a distribution license and a supplier license under the Act; 
(xvii) "MW" means megawatt; 
(xviii) "prosuiner" means an àppliant who has entered into an agreement with licensee for distributed 
generation. 
2) The words and expressions used but not defined in these regulations shall have the same meaning as 
are assigned to them in the Act. 
APPLICATION AND INTERCONNECTION PROCESS 
3. Application process forinterconnecting distributed generation facility.— (1) Subject tO sub-
regulation (2), any applicant who meets the requirements of these regulations shall be eligible for 
submitting an application to a licensee as specified in Schedule-IT: 
Provided that the licensee shall be bound to provide information and Authority's approved 
documents in response to the request from applicant free of cost within two working days. 
(2) The capacity of a proposed distributed generation facility shall not exceed the sanctioned load of 
the applicant's premisbs: 
Provided that the Authority may revise the capacity of proposed distributed generation facility 
at any time through a notificatiOn. . 
(3) An applicant proposing tO install a distributed generation facility with an installed capacity of 250 
kW or above shall be obligated to conduct and submit a load flow study carried out through the licengee 
or any reputable áonsultant registered with Pakistan Engineering Council. 
(4) Application, along with necessary documents, shall be submitted by applicant to licensee. 
(5) Within five working days of receiving an application, the licensee shall acknowledge its redeipt and 
inform the applicant whether 'the application is complete in all respect: 
Provided that in case of any missing information or documents, the applicant shall provide the 
same to licensee within three working days of being informed by licensee. 
Provided further that the licensee shall not entertain any application if the distributed generation 
capacity connected to a particular distribution transformer has reached 80% of its rated capacity. 
(6) Upon being satisfied that the application is complete in all respects, the licensee shall perform an 
initial review to determine whether the applicant qualifies for interconnection facility, or may qualify 
subject to additional requirements: 
Provided that the initial review shall be completed within fifteen working days. 
(7) In case the initial review reveals that the proposed facility is not technically feasible, the licensee 
shall return the application and communicate the reasons to the applicant within three working days 
after the completion of initial review. 
(8) If the licensee is satisfied that the applicant fulfills all the requirements of these regulations, then 
the licensee and the applicant shall enter into an agreement within seven working days and licensee 
shall send a copy of the agreement to the Authority within seven working days of the signing of the 
agreement. 
(9) Within seven working days• of execution of the agreement, the licensee shall issue the connection 
charge estimate to the prosumer for the proposed interconnection facility up to the interconnection point 
including the metering installation. 
(10) The prosumer shall make the payment of conhection charge estimate within seven wofldng days 
of its issuance. 
(11) The licensee shall install and commission the proposed interconnection facility within fifteen 
working days of the payment of demand notice by the prosunier: 
Provided that the billing arrangement shall commence upon ccord of concurrence to the 
prosumer in accordance with regulation 4. 
4. Concurrence. --- (1) Notwithstanding anything contained in the applibable documents, aprostimer 
shall seek concurrence of the Authority in acordance with sub-regulation (2): 
Provided that the prosumer shall be required to obtain a fresh concurrence from the Authority prior 
to any modification in the technical parameters of the distributed generation facility. 
(2) Licensee shall forward the application for accord of concurrence to the Authority as specified in 
Schedule-Ill along with following: 
(a) agreement; 
(b) evidence of deposit of fee as may be specified by the Authority in Schedule-IV; and 
(c) an affidavit by prosumer as specified in Schedule-V. 
(3) The Authority may, on receipt of the application and the documents specified in sub-regulation (2), 
acc&d concurrence to the prosumr withiii seven working days after receipt of requisite documents. 
(4) In case the prosumer fails to commence distributed generation within six months of grant of 
concurrence, it shall be required to obtain fresh concurrence. 
5. General powers, rights and obligations of the licensee.— (1) A licensee shall, 
(a) allow any of its consumers to establish distributed generation facilities to be interconnected with 
its distribution system using either (i) a standard meter capable of registering the flow of 
electricity in two directions, or (ii) two separate meters one for selling electricity to the licensee 
and other for purchasing electricity from the licensee; 
(b) enter into an agreement with the applicant, and shall grant interconnection approval in accordance 
with these regulations: 
Provided that the approval of interconnection facility shall not be unreasonably 
withheld; 
(c) have the right to review the design of a distributed generation facility and interconnection 
facilities and to inspect the same prior to the commencement of parallel operation with its 
distribution system and may require the prosumer to make modifications as necessary to comply 
vith the requirements of these regulations; and 
(d) the licensee shall introduce necessary validation checks to monitor the unlawful extension of the 
distribution generation facility. 
(2) A licensee may limit the operation and/or disconnect or require the disconnection of a distributed 
generation facility fiom its distribution system at any time, with oi without notice, in the event of fault 
(3) A licensee may also limit the operation and/or disconnect or require the disconnection of distributed 
generation facility from its distribution system upon the provision of thirty days written notice for the 
conditiOns which include a f011ows: 
(a) to allow for routine tnaintenance, repairs or modifications to the distribution system o .f the 
licensee; 
(b) upon licensee's deterniination that distributed generation facility is not in compliance with these 
regulations; and 
(c) upon termination of the agreement or expiry of the term of the agreement. 
6. Rights and obligations of the prosumer. (1) A prosurner shall operate and maintain its distributed 
generation facility and interconnection thcilities in accordance with prudent electrical practices. 
(2) The prosumer shall not have any right to utilize licensee's interconnection facilities for the sale of 
electricity to any other person. 
TERM OF AGREEMENT, TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT AND DISPUTE 
RESOLUTION 
7. Term of agreement and conditions.— (I) The tenn of the agreement between prosumer and 
licensee shall be five years with effect from date of commissioning of ditributed generation facility. 
(2) At the expiry of the initial term, the agreement may be renewed between the prosumer and the 
licensee for another term Of five years and so on with mutual consent of the licensee and prosumer. 
8. Termination of agreement.— (1) The prosumer may terminate the agreement 
wiitten notice if it decides to discontinue the sale of clectricity to the licensee 
4b 
(2) The licensee mayterininate the agreement upon thirty days written iotice subject to prior approval 
of the Authority. 
(3) All rights and obligations accrued up to termination shall continue in force upon termination. 
DISTRIBUTED GENERATION FACILiTY DESIGN AND OPERATING REQUIREMENTS 
9. Protection requirements.--- (1) The protection and control diagrams for the interconnection of the 
prosurner shall be in accordance with the provisions of the applicable documents and approved by the 
licensee prior to commissioning of the proposed interconnection facilities. 
-(2) The. prosumer shall be responsible for the installation of equipment, including, without limitation, 
electrical lines or circuits, transfoliners, switch gear, safety and protective devices, meters ôi electricl 
plant; tO be used for interconnection: 
Provided that, if the rosumer is unable to install equipment, including, without limitation, 
electrical lines or circuits, transformers, switch gear, safety and protective devices, meters or electrical 
plant, used for interconnection, the licensee may execute the requisite work in case the prosumer offers 
td ddpositthe cost to be inëdrred bn the requisite work at mutually ag1eed teriñs. - 
(3) The protective functions shall be equipped with automatic means to prevent reconnectioi of the 
distributed generation facility with the distribution facilities of the licensee: 
PrOvided that the service voltage and frequency is of specified setting and is stable and mu.tuaiy 
agreed between the licensee a-nd th prosumcr. 
(4) The prosurner will furnish and install a manual disconnect device tha,t has a visual break to isolate 
the distributd. generation facility from the distribution facilities. - - 
(5) The grid connected inverlers and generators shall comply with Underwriter Laboiatoues UL 1741 
stanuard (Inverteis, Converteis, Controlleis and Inteiconnection System Equipment for Use with 
Distributed Energy Resources) which addresses the electrical intercOnnectiOn design of various forms 
of generating equipment in accordance with all applicable international standards as may be notified by 
the Authority from time to time..- 
10 Prevention of interfei en e — (1) '1 he prosurner shall not operate such equipment that 
superimposes upon the distribution system a voltage om current that mteiferes with hcense&s ouerations, 
service to its consumeis, or communication facilities 
(2) in th.e -eve-nt of such interference; the prosumer. must diligently pursue and take -correctiveaction at 
its own expense after. hei.ng. given notice and reasonable time-to do so by the licensee. 
(3) On account of any failure on part of the pios imem to take timely comm ectivc action, the licensee Iray, 
without liability, disconnect the distiibution genemation facility fiom the distribution system, in 
accthdance vith these ieguthrions; -- - - 
11-. Voltage andfrequency rânge. —A variation of ±5% and±l% is permissible to the.nominal voltage 
and frequency respectively. 
- .- INTERCONNECTION FACILITY FINANCING -. 
12. Responsibility for costs of interconnecting a distributed generation facility.-- (1) Prosum 
shall be responsible- for all -costs associated with interconnebtion faciliti tip to the interor4r 
point including meteling instaliation 
(2) The prosumer shall also be responsible foi any costs reasonably incuired by licensee in providing, 
operating, or maintaining interconnection facilities and distribution system improvements required 
solely for the interconnection of the distributed generation facility with licensee's distribution system. 
(3) In case of non-availability of meter(s) with licensee, the prosumer may procure such meter(s) 
directly subject to testing by licensee, before installation. 
METERING AND BILLING 
13. Metering requirements.---- (1) The equipment installed for metering shall be capable of accurately 
measuring the flow of electricity in two directions: 
Provided that in case two sparate meters are installed, the energy metering calculation shall 
yield the same result as when a single meter is used. 
(2) The interconnection facility including meter, shall meet all safety and protection requirements that 
are necessary to assure safe and reliable operation of the distributed generation facility when connected 
to the distribution system of the licëhsee and that have been approved by the Authority. 
(3) The meter reading shall be carried out preferably through hand held units (HHU) and through 
automated means as directed by the Authority from time to time. 
14. Billing.— (1) A the end of each billing cycle, following the date of intercOnnection of distributed 
generation facility to its distribution system, the licensee shall raise its bill after taking into account the 
electricity generated and consumed by the prosumer under a net billing arrangement as follows: 
(a) the kWh supplied by licensee to prosumer, shall be billed in accordance with the applicable 
tariff. 
(b) the kWhsupplied by prosumer to the licensee, shall be billed in accordance with the national 
average energy purchase price. 
Explanation: "net billing aiTangement" means an arrangement under which electricity generated by 
distributed generation facility of prosumer is purchased by the licensee and the licensee raises the bill 
on the prosumer for his consumption at the applicable tariff', after giving credit for electricity supplied 
by prosumer to the licensee at the national average enurgy pui chase pi ice 
(2) In case the billed amount of the kWh supplied by prosumer exceeds the billed amount of kWh 
supplied by licensee, the net billed amount shall be credited against prosumer's next billing cycle or 
shall be paid by the licensee to the prosurner quarterly. 
(3) The Authority may revise the rate provided in sub-regulation (1) through the notification during the 
subsistence.of the agreement and the rate so revised shall be deemed incorporated in the agreement. 
15. Power of the Authority to give directions, instructions and guidelines.— (1) For carrying out 
the pui-poses of these regulatiois, the Authority may issue directions, instructions and guidelines to the 
prosumer and the liCenee, in the form and manner deterniined by the Authority, which shall be 
complied with by the prosumer and the licensee. 
(2) The Authority may, on representation made to it or on its own motion modify or cancel any direction, 
instruction oi guidelines issued undei sub-iegulation (1) and in so rrodifymg 01 cance 
direction, instruction or guidelines may impose such conditioiis as it deems fit. 
16. Power to require information.—The Authority may, at any time, by notice in writing require any 
director and officer of the licensee and/or the piosumer, genei ally or in particular to furnish it within 
the time specified therein oi such further time as the Authoiity may allow, with any statement or 
information and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing power, may call for information, 
at such intervals as the Authority may deem fit. 
17. Resolution of disputes.— Any dispute or disagreement between prosumer and licensee relating to 
any matter arising out of, or in connection with, the activities covered under the regulations shall be 
submitted for decision to the Authority. 
18. Penalty for failure, refusal to comply with, or contravention with any provision of the 
regulations.— If any person fails or refuses to comply with, or contravenes any of the provisions of 
these regulations or any direction or order passed by the Authority under these regulations or knowingly 
or wilfully authorizes or permit such failure, refusal or contravention, he shall be punishable with a 
penalty as provided in the Act. 
19. Power to relax. —The Authority may by general or special order, for reasons to be recorded in 
writing, after giving an opportunity of hearing to the persons likely to be affected, may relax any of the 
provisions of these regulations on its on motion or on an application made before it by an interested 
persOn. 
20. Power to remove difficulty.— If any difficulty arises in giving effect to the provisions of these 
regulations, the Authority may, by general or specific order, make such provisions as may appear to be 
necessary for removing the difficulty. 
21. Savings and Repeal.— (1) The National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (Alternative & 
Renewable Energy) Distributed Generation and Net Meteiing Regulations, 2015 shall stand repealed 
upon coming into force of these regulations. 
(2) Notwithstanding the repeal effected by these regulations, nothing shall affect or be deemed to affect, 
the licences issued and agreements executed undem the mepealed iegulations before commencement of 
these regulations except the billing shall be in accordance with regulation 14 commencing from the 
billing cycle subsequent to the month in which these regulations come into effect: 
Provided that the distiibuted geneiatois having valid agreements executed under the repealed 
regulations, shall be billed in accordance with the national average power purchase price till the expiry 
of the term of their agreement and thereafter shall be billed in accordance with the national average 
energy purchase price for all future renewals. 
(3) Upon expiry of the term of the  agreement executed under the repealed regulations, any extension in 
the agreétheht shall be in accordance with these regulations and the arrangement will be brought in 
cdnformity with these regulations. 
Explanation: For the purpose tf this regulation the term "distributed generator" includes any person 
undertaking distributed generation under the repealed regulations. 
iJl r  
j6'i 
(Syed Zawar Haider) 
Director 
Schedule-I 
[See Regulation 2(1)(b)] 
Distributed Generation Interconnection Agreement (1 kW to 1MW)  
The Distributed Generation Interconnection Agreement (the Agreement"), is made and entered in to 
this  (day) of  (month),  (year) by and between 
 hereinafter called "Licensee" and hereinafter called the 
"Applicant". Applicant shall be 3 phase 400V or 11 kV Licensee's consumer, Licensee and the 
Applicant are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Parties" and individually as a "Party". 
Recitals 
A, Licensee is the owner of the electric distribution system serving 
[Insert legal description of property or address] "Licensee's Distribution System" 
B. Applicant desires to install a distributed generation (DG) facility or energy storage device using 
(solar, wind or biogas) energy resources with a capacity equal or greater than 1 kW but no more 
than 1 MW, including related interconnection equipment (the "DG Facility") and to interconnect 
the DG Facility to the Licensee's distribution system. 
C. Licensee has previously reviewed and approved Applicant's DG Interconnection Applicant Form 
dated, and supporting materials (the "Application"). 
D. Applicant wishes to interconnect the DG Facility to Licensee's distribution system and Licensee is 
willing to permit such interconnection subject to the terms and conditions set forth: (1) the 
completed Application approved by Licensee; (2) this Agreement. 
B. No agency or partnership is created with the interconnection of the applicants DG Facility. 
Agreement 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and for good and valuable 
consideration, the Licensee and Applicant agree as follows: 
1. Design Requirement 
The DG Facility shall be installed in compliance with National Electric Power Regulatory 
Authority (Prosumer) Regulations, 2025. 
2. Applicant's Representations and Warranties 
Applicant represents and warrants that: 
a. the DG Facility is fully and accurately described in the Application; 
b. all information in the Application is true and correct; 
c. the DG Facility shall be installed to Licensee's satisfaction; 
d. applicant has been given walTanty information and an operation manual for the DG Facility; 
and 
e. applicant has been adequately instructed in the operation and maintenance of the DG Facility. 
3. Interconnection Disconnect Switch 
The Licensee may require that the Applicant furnish and install an interconnection disconnect 
switch that opens, with a visual break, all underground poles of the interconnection circuit. The 
interconnection disconnect switch shall be rated for the voltage and fault current requirements of 
the DG Facility, and shall meet all applicable IEC, IEEE Standards, as well as applicable 
reqi.iireinents of the applicable documents. The switch enclosure shall be properly grounded. The 
intercdnnèction disconnect. switch shall be accessible at all times, located for ease of access of 
Licensee personnel, and shall be capable of being locked in the open position. The Applicant shall 
follow the Licensee's recommended switching, clearance, tagging, and locking procedures. 
4, Modifications to the PG Facility 
Applicant shall notify Licensee of plans for any material modification to the DG Facility by 
providing at least forty working days of advance notice. "Material Modification" is defined as any 
modification that changes the maximum electrical output of the DG Facility or changes the 
interconnection equipment. The notification shall consist of a completed, revised Application and 
such supporting materials as may be reasonably requested by Licensee. Applicant agrees not to 
commence installation of any material modification to the DG Facility until Licensee has approved 
the revised Application and the Authority shall accord fresh concurrence for the facility. 
5. Insurance, Indemnification, Liability 
5.1 Prosumer shall obtain and maintain appropriate insurance for third party personal injury and 
general commercial liability. 
5.2 Each party as indemnitor shall defend, hold harmless, and indemnify the other party and the 
directors, officers, employees, and agents of the other party against and from any and all loss 
liability, damage, claim, cost, charge, demand, or expense (including any direct, indirect or 
consequential loss, liability, damage, claim, cost, charge, demand, or expense, including 
attorneys' fees) for injury or death to persons, including employees of either party and damage 
to property, including property of either party, arising out of or in connection with (a) the 
\ engineering, design, construction, maintenance, repair, operation, supervision, inspection, 
\ testing, protection or ownership of the indemnitor's facilities, or (b) the making of replacements, 
additions, betterments to, or reconstruction of the indemnitor's facilities. This indemnity shall 
apply notwithstanding the active or passive negligence of the indemnitee. However, neither 
party shall be indemnified hereunder for its loss, lIability, damage, claim, cost, charge, demand, 
or expense resulting from its sole negligence or willful misconduct. 
5.3 The indemnitor shall, on the other party's request, defend any suit asserting a claim covered by 
this indemnity and shall pay for all costs, including reasonable attorney fees, that may be 
incurred by the other party in enforcing this indemnity. 
5.4 The provisions of this section shall not be construed to relieve any insurer of its obligations to 
pay any insurance claims in accordance with the provisions of any valid insurance policy. 
5.5 Except as otherwise provided in this section, neither party shall be liable to the other party for 
consequential or remote damages incurred by that party. 
6. PG Facility commissioning Testing 
Applicant shall notify Licensee in writing that installation of DG Facility is complete and that the 
interconnection equipment is available for testing by Licensee at least fifteen working days before 
Applicant interconnects the DG Facility with Licensee's Distribution System. Licensee shall 
thereupon have the right to test the DO Facility and ensure that DG facility fulfils the safety/quality 
standards in accordance with SOPs developed by Ministry of Energy for installation of DO Facility. 
Licensee shall also have the right to witness any testing by Applicant of the DO Facility. Any 
Licensee testing of the DO Facility shall be completed within ten working days. After the testing 
which is to the satisfaction of both parties, the DO facility may be interconnected with the 
distribution system of Licensee to be witnessed by representatives of both parties within thirty eight 
days. . 
7. Acces.s to PG Facility 
Applicant shall permit icensee's employees and agents to enter the property on which the DG 
Facility is located at any reasonable time for the purposes of inspecting and/or testing Applicant's 
DG Facility to ensure its continued safe and satisfactory operation and the accuracy of Licensee 
meters. Such inspections shall not relieve Applicant from its obligation to maintain the DG Facility 
and any related equipment owned by Applicant in safe and satisfactory operating conditions. 
Licensee shall have the right to witness any testing by Applicant of the DG Facility. 
8. Temporary Disconnection of a DG Facility 
Licensee may limit the operation and/or disconnect or require the disconnection of a DG facility 
from Licensee's Distribution System at any time, with or without notice, in the event of fault. 
Licensee may also limit the operation andlor disconnect or require the disconnection of DG facility 
from Licensee's Distribution System upon the provision o'f30 days written notice for the conditions 
to allow for routine maintenance, repairs or modifications to Licensee's Distribution System, 
9, Amendments: Non-Waiver 
Any amendment or modification to this Agreement must be in writinS and executed by Applicant 
and 'Licenee. The failure' of Applicant or Licensee to' insist on performance by the other Party of 
any provision of this Ageement 'shall not waive the'right of the Pirty who failed to insist on 
performance to' enforce the same provision at a later 'time. 
10. Teñn and Termination of Agreement' 
The term of Agreement between Prosumer and Licensee shall be five years with effect from the 
date of commissioning of DG facility. At the expiry of initial term, the Agreement may be renewed 
between PrOsumer and Licensee for another term of five years and so on unless the Parties terminate 
the Agreement. ' 
a. Licensee may limit the operation and/or disconnect or require the disconnection of a DO 
Facility from License&s Distribution System at any time, with or without notice, in the event 
ER R of fault. Licensee may also limit the operation and/or disconnect or require the disconnection 
0 of DG facility'from Licensee's Distribution System upon the provision of 30 days written notice 
for the conditions Which including as follows: 
- To allow for routine maintenance, repairs or modifications to Licensee's Distribution 
System; 
- Upon Licensee's determination that DO facility is not in compliance with the regulations; 
- ,Upon termination of the Agreement. 
b. This Agreement may be terminated in accordance with the Regulations. 
C. The Prosumer may terminate the agreement upon thirty days written notice if the Prosurner 
determines to discontinue the sale of electricity to'the Licensee. 
d. The Licensee may terminate the Agreement upon thirty days written notice with the 'prior 
approval of the Authority.' 
e. All rights and obligations accrued up to termination shall continue in force upon termination. 
11. Successors and Assigns 
a. Assignment by Applicant: Applicant shall not assign its rights and obligations under' this 
Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Licensee, which consent 
shall not be uireäsonably withheld or unduly delayed. Licensee may withhold its' consent to 
any proposed 'assignment if the proposed assignee fails to assume the obligations of Applicant 
under this Agreement in writing. 
b. Assignment by Licensee. The Licensee'shall have the right to assign this Agieement in whole 
ucin written notification to the A.iplicant. ' 
c. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon the personal representatives, heirs, 
successOrs, and permitted assigns of the respecthe Parties. 
Witness No. 1 (Name & Signature) Witness No. 1 (Name & Signature) 
Witness No. 2 (Name & Signature) Witness No. 2 (Name & Signare 
12. Applicant and Licensee Signature and Seal 
IN WTTNESS WHEREOF, Applicant and Licensee have executed this Agreement as of the year and 
date first set forth above. 
Applicant Signature & Date Licensee's Signature with Seal & Date 
Titl - Title 
Address at which proposed DO facility is located 
Latitude — Longitude (i.e. 49° 32'.06"N-9 1° 64' 18") 
3.  Applicapi/Cppsme  
Schedule — 1.1 
[See Regulation 3(1)] 
Standard Application Form for Licensee 
Name & Address of LICENSEE 
National Electric Power Regulatory Authority 
(NEPRA) 
Contact Inform iii iha tiip qJ riting sy'  
Applicants Name First Name 
L
of Acant/CUll\1 in case of Company (Copy to be attached) 
Applicant's Mailing Address 
Applicau1s Phone Number & Email Address 
Office Fax 
cn 
0 
Email 
Emergency Contact Numbers 
L  
2Lotion ol Generation  Sistem  
5. Electricity c. truduction and Purchases: 
(a) Anticipated annual electricity consumption of the facility or site: (kWh)/yr 
(b)Anticipated annual electricity productjon of the generation system: (kWh)/yr 
(c) Anticipated annual electricity purchases (i.e. (a) minus (b)) (kWh)/yr 
Value will be negative if there are net sales to Licei.isee. 
0 inverter El Other: 0 Three Phase  
Name Plate  AC Ratings (check one 
kVA Volts kW 
0th r Comincni Spccilicatio,n a 
Name of Firm 
Contractor's Phone Number E-mail Address 
Mailing Address 
. Reçueted in-ervice Iat  
   
. l'i idcd onc-liliL' Sd iagrarn of the System  
 
E Schematic, is Attached 
 
Number of Pages 
 
    
. Geiierat'or/1pvert nna Iton 
Manufacturer Model No.  
Version No. Serial No. 
Generation Type Generation Type (check one), 
Primary Energy Source 
Note: If there is more than one inverters, attach an additional sheet describing each. 
.12. :\picalion ind Installer Signature - . . .. 
To the best 'of my knowledge, all the 
correct 
information provided in this application 'form is completed and 
Applicant's Signature Date 
 
   
   
   
   
   
Installer Signature (if applicable) 
 
Date 
  
 
 
  
Schedule III 
[See Regulation 4(2)) 
Application for Accord of ConcuiTence National Electric Power Regulatory Authority 
1. Name of Applicant 
1(a) CNIIC of Applicant/CUIN in 
case of Company (Copy to be 
attached) 
1 (b) Address 
1(c) Contact Nos 
1 (d) Email Address 
2. Location of proposed DG facility 
3. Name of Licensee with which the 
proposed DG facility is proposed to 
be interconnected 
4. Size of proposed DG facility 
5. Approximate monthly energy 
proposedto be upplied to Licensee 
(k\) 
6. Fee to be deposited (Non — 
Refundable) 
Applicant Signature 
Date 
Schedule-tV 
[see Regulation 4(2)(b)] 
An application for concurrence shall be accompanied with one-time fee of one thousand rupees per 
kilowatt (Rs. 1000/kW) or as may be notified from time to time, paid in favour of National Electric 
Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA). 
Schedule — V 
[See Regulation 4(2)(c)1 
Affidavit 
(On non-judicial paper of Rs. 50/-) 
I/we (name of the Prosumer) hereby confirm that I/we have red the National Electric Power Regulatory 
Authority (Prosumer) Regulations, 2026 and agree to abide by its stipulations and the contents of the 
Application are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and nothing has been concealed 
thereof. 
Deponent 
Oath Commissioner 
'4' 